
    St. Paul, MN -- Congresswoman Betty McCollum (MN04) today endorsed Barack Obama for President.
"The Iraq War has been the most disastrous foreign policy decision of our lifetime and Barack Obama
got it right when he opposed this war of choice from the start," said Congresswoman McCollum.
"Barack Obama has the courage to move our country forward by challenging Washington's tired
conventional thinking. I'm endorsing Barack Obama for President because I trust his leadership —
for my family, for our country and for a more secure world. We need a President who can unite the
American people to confront the serious challenges facing our nation, especially ending the war in
Iraq, and that is Barack Obama."
"Congresswoman McCollum has been an outspoken leader on the challenges facing communities across
America, and I'm grateful for her endorsement," said Senator Obama. "Betty McCollum had the
judgment to oppose authorizing the war in Iraq, and she has worked to end the war as quickly and
responsibly as we can. As a former teacher, McCollum has fought for strong schools, well-trained
teachers, and affordable and accessible education programs for all students. Above all,
Congresswoman McCollum knows that to make progress, we need leadership that will unify the nation to
get things done."
In 2000, McCollum made history as the second woman in Minnesota state history to be elected to
Congress. McCollum serves as a member of the House Appropriations Committee, is a Senior Democratic
Whip, as well as a co-founder of the Global Health Caucus.
In Minnesota, Obama has also been endorsed by Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and Congressman Keith
Ellison. Obama for America was the first presidential campaign to open an office in the state — the
headquarters is located in St. Paul. In the past ten weeks since that opening the campaign has held
a caucus and grassroots training in St. Paul that drew a crowd of 400; caucus and grassroots
trainings in every congressional district, every week; an eight-city canvass of Minnesota where 80
supporters knocked on over 2,500 doors on a single Saturday; individual canvasses every weekend in
cities across the state; phonebanks every night of the week; and a Turn the Page in Iraq rally at
Macalester College.
Senator Obama was endorsed earlier this week by Congresswomen Barbara Lee (D-CA) and Carol
Shea-Porter (D-NH).
  